%%

Worked with Alex to draw up the UML class diagrams Yesterday; Alex has it on his phone.

%%

The Colour class is working perfectly, added that in Yesterday as an initial commit; I have dubbed the Final because Alex thinks that Sex Robot is a stupid name but I don't know what to name it.

%%

SimulateNav: is a programme I wrote to simulate the navigation (without the NXT, just on a computer.) I was at home in the rain. I got it working! I saved great graphs while I was working on it (wasn't there a testing portion of our mark?) I made it very clear. Position.java and Controller.java are very good, I'm going to merge those into the code Tomorrow.

%%

I realise that the specifications are going to change when we get our hardware, but this was introducing error in the odometer and I wasn't sure where . . . and we have to calibrate it sometime.

Calibrate-Radius: calibration of the radius of the wheel, should be done first. It's very imprecise; any ideas? It works by going 2x30.48 tile spaces. I roughly use a binary search to minimise the error. I have dubbed thee Sex Robot 1.0 after the name of our robot (I nominate SwagBot to be the final design, after Alex's Fb group.) It's the Two-Wheeled Robot with the Wheel of Death and the US sensor . . . I'll just take a picture.

	   2.5 too small
	   2.665 is slightly small
	   2.7 just a little too small
	   2.8 too large
	   2.75 too large
	   2.72 pretty much

Calibrate-Wheelbase: precision calibration; it actually measures
radius / wheelbase, so the radius should be done first.

	   15.8 much too small 16.1261
	   16.13 much too small
	   20 mUCh too large
	   17 much too large
	   16.2 tiny bit too large
	   16.15 good enough

%%

Odometer: I did a bunch of failed tries to get the Navigation working with SimulateNav, but I realised the Odometer is incorrect. I set up an Odometer which actually works and is not numerically unstable! When you're using their odometer and the robot moves around a lot, the odometer will be less and less precise and eventually will cause a floating point overflow. This is solid. We should take Odomater.java from here. I will merge Tomorrow.

%%

Hardware/Sex-Robot-1_0
